will be the meager income that the champion of
cup the real society must defend in
the santiago bernabéu stadium when
In two weeks return visit to
league champion Real Madrid
match was little showy the real domino
the first part and the sea and in the
second but did not materialize
none of his few occasions was
party of scarce work for
goalkeepers in the end gave the impression of
that both teams were satisfied with the
I score some because I considered it a
award for your merits no no too
certainly and others because they hope to give
the return to the score on their court
minute 2 pain when opening for santi
bakero and he sends the first auction to
door to bun hands against
replica of madrid
The ball that arrives at martín vázquez received
Diego Sanchez plays with Mitchell
try this now with the heel play
with martín vázquez but get off
Come on and let it out fast
7 minute will come the first corner to
favor of the real one that will give option to
second
The first charge was not curb
the force takes out beristain
and there's the second corner that is
Solanas force has to come
precisely the blow
txiki beguiristáin cowboy dv
the public thrilled 36 million
collection today in atocha a figure
really historic for the club
realistic
we see the repetition
and once again refereed the match
collegiate lord ramos frames he had
anti homemade nuances especially to the
half
a new addition to the attack to
charge of the real
jose mari bakero for fury
receive before txiki beguiristáin
penetration of this very dangerous
last instance will be understood that
imprudently for madrid
cut the situation
against sanchis for hugo
sanchez
is going to fall this habit does not point anything
and the border continues to minute 20
the getaway now from mich the minute
22 and the ball very sober him
retains arconada before the turbo thing
sanchez
now there is a doubtful lack that points you
against the real society
will give option to a michelle serve and
a header from sanchis that now
we will see
above the alconada stringer there
they have it
waving the flags of the real corner
in favor of madrid
and finish of his wool was very deviated
it was the 28th minute and replica of the real one in
that noise that will be assembled inside the
area that at the end
ends with that innocent shot of santi
bakero
center of lopez rekarte to the serve of a
lack
mix-up in the area of Madrid
ball comes bounced towards the part
left where is a zamora to uría
and will ultimately be the
Real Madrid defense through mediation
from mitchell the one that saves
will change in the 42 minutes has Madrid
marched solana injured and enters his
place the white Yugoslav
and the clearest occasion of the real in
the whole party in addition to the blow to
with the breast zamora summary
cowboy deviated slightly to the
right of muñoz next to the strain of
post
as the request
Balona that will arrive was happening
taking advantage of the fall of michelle
will center but directly outside it was
the last dangerous play of the real in
the first part
his signal would immediately end
of the first time
and the second one begins
puts the ball into play the realsociety
long ball of górriz
with clearance of the defense and corner that
is going to take out txiki beguiristáin abriendo
towards recarte and this slightly
diverted minute one and a half
baquero josemari for a center of this
and clear chendo
he tried to plant the real enough for that
left area takes off running at the expense of
txiki beguiristáin and in good position
with the left
santi bakero finishes off very deviated
new penetration by Uria for
the left side
takes the ball after the harassment to michel
will send to jose mari baquero loren
first auction
very long play as you see zamora
for lopez rekarte and the center of this one
he's going to clear it out
throw in charge of uría for
loren
and with some trouble for abu he has
centered and the clearest occasion of the
real madrid match for the ball
for gordillo center of this auction in
plate of the Mexican hugo sanchez and the
ball out we will see the repetition was
the 15th minute of the second half
and immediately afterwards the serve a
missing from michel and another good
occasion for sanchis
the ball is lost slightly to the
right of the crown
we also see the repetition those were
the only two actions of authentic
danger that created the madrid in all the
match
when trying the attack the real society
there is a center of zamora
and the ball with some troubles at
wii hands
kick borne curb and
end of llorente to the clouds
change in the real society double change
urbieta and iturri do not replace zamora
and txiki beguiristáin was the 21st minute of
the second half
immediately the only play a little
conflictive encounter when
Real players asked for a penalty
you judge for a long
Larrañaga
and what is asked is a
from the left side of Real Madrid to
lorena
the habit said at the last minute
sanchís is brought in entrance in lack of
górriz
a friction between both and card
yellow for both players both
for sanchis as for goals
in the minute 24 of this second half
the numbers 5 would see the card and miss
that hugo Sánchez takes out of intervention
sober of arconada
a ball that will center fury
and clear the defense of Real Madrid '
and there is the last third and last card
of the meeting by that entrance of michel
loren sorry
and the escape of llorente
that will break at the edge of the area and
lack against the real dangerous foul that
take michel and stop well arconada
the last action of the final encounter